Added answers to introduction questions on the market perspective for the SCI (#16)
Green-Software-Foundation/software_carbon_intensity: Software_Carbon_Intensity/Software_Carbon_Intensity_Specification.md

## Introduction

* **What can you do with this specification?**

> The purpose of this specification will be to enable standardization across industry empowering customers to make more informed choices in the software solutions that they pick.

Author: ```suggestion
The purpose of this specification will be to enable standardization across industry empowering individuals and organizations to make more informed choices in the software solutions that they pick.
```

* **What problem does this solve?**

This solves the problem of incompatible and opaque metrics that are potentially _gameable_ today making it difficult for the end-consumer to make a choice that is aligned with what they are looking for in terms of meeting their environmental goals when purchasing / using software solutions. It will also help developers and users compare one software solution offering against another on environmental impacts.

* **How can this specification be applied?**

> The application of the specification can be towards creating a certified, standardized, practical score to the entire software solution.

Author: ```suggestion
The specification can be applied to any software to measure and reduce its carbon emissions by creating a standardized and practical methodology. 
```

* **Who is the target audience?** 

> The target audience for this are software architects, developers and maintainers who ideally can use this as a tool where they can enter characterisitics about their software solution and get a score that they can share with their customers highlighting the environmental impact of their solution.

Author: ```suggestion
The target audience for this are technical stakeholders (e.g. software architects, developers, and maintainers) who ideally can use this as a methodology so that they can understand the characteristics of their software solution and minimize the associated emissions.
```
